feat: Allow to restrict MintCoins from app.go (#10771)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (types) [\#10630](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10630) Add an `Events` field to the `TxResponse` type that captures _all_ events emitted by a transaction, unlike `Logs` which only contains events emitted during message execution.
* (deps) [\#10706](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/10706) Bump rosetta-sdk-go to v0.7.2 and rosetta-cli to v0.7.3
* (module) [\#10711](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10711) Panic at startup if the app developer forgot to add modules in the `SetOrder{BeginBlocker, EndBlocker, InitGenesis, ExportGenesis}` functions. This means that all modules, even those who have empty implementations for those methods, need to be added to `SetOrder*`.

> * (x/bank) [\#10771](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10771) Add safety check on bnak module perms to only mint specified denom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/bank) [\#10771](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10771) Add safety check on bank module perms to allow module-specific mint restrictions (e.g. only minting a certain denom).
```

* (types) [\#10630](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10630) Add an `Events` field to the `TxResponse` type that captures _all_ events emitted by a transaction, unlike `Logs` which only contains events emitted during message execution.
* (deps) [\#10706](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/10706) Bump rosetta-sdk-go to v0.7.2 and rosetta-cli to v0.7.3
* (module) [\#10711](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10711) Panic at startup if the app developer forgot to add modules in the `SetOrder{BeginBlocker, EndBlocker, InitGenesis, ExportGenesis}` functions. This means that all modules, even those who have empty implementations for those methods, need to be added to `SetOrder*`.

> * (x/bank) [\#10771](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10771) Add safety check on bank module perms to allow module-specific mint restrictions (e.g. only minting a certain denom).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* (x/bank) [\#10771](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10771) Add `bank.BaseKeeper.WithMintCoinsRestriction` function to restrict use of bank `MintCoins` usage.
```
